Below commits need to be checked against respones from maintainers here:
https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20210421130105.1226686-1-gregkh@linuxfoundation.org/


c9c63915519b hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
^known bad, fixed by 07bd14ccc304 hwmon: (lm80) Fix missing unlock on error in set_fan_div()


android_kernel_samsung_exynos5420/cm-14.1
	01343644d12 cpuidle: Fix three reference count leaks
	bf43b5122f9 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	ec9379c79e9 scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
android_kernel_lge_msm8996/lineage-15.1
	c9912b7d9ee isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_asus_msm8953/lineage-16.0
	b362a07321de ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	61d586191960 scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	65e6cca34beb qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	f57149631d43 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	77eed592753f ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	cdae8c6fc96e serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	73929a01c565 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	33951e5f8885 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	5bc9daa97d9c mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	aff0981b2ab5 gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	3896d308f19c niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	8aaf06edb200 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	fd0fbac2f928 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	242384b37bf7 net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	3e8de24dea4c net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	120f719ade09 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	c9912b7d9eed isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/lineage-16.0
	be8ba526f886 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d73c419cc5c5 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	9cc334c336c8 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	b509b1c0ece2 video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	fd2179349526 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f460e08e1c5e x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	506e0ced8dc3 rapidio: fix a NULL pointer dereference when create_workqueue() fails
	b764a801663a spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	d647661f8537 brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	088c9aa3ce6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	2fd9d6a0fd69 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	2f3201b23b69 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	f934bf3f5776 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	4d8fc7d8d7ed libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	93cc83319f9a libnvdimm/namespace: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	b491c6f370ea leds: pca9532: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3d1c9bc1416 scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	aba0a087a000 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	ec1fdc02cc25 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3e47ff19026 ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	110ee901b3e1 serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	fe186fdd1a45 tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f61b68e1c774 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	38ad9f0362b2 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	f98bcfadc81a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	683f5f8b3862 HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	69a1580320bf gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	63e311153b66 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	0138dfb7b332 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	3d963c98d796 ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	154b7716f9aa net: netxen: fix a missing check and an uninitialized use
	6c446ad3622a dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	b18de4e8bdc5 scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	f57ef24f811c net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	063cc21634ce net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	5a644f682267 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	f698b28afc34 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_fairphone_sdm632/lineage-17.1
	5704974eb300 orinoco: avoid assertion in case of NULL pointer
	5ea250ec2912 net: sh_eth: fix a missing check of of_get_phy_mode
	c39118738793 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	10a0e00c095f tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	57b2d68786a8 atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	712545ec9e81 net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	e914a7747a53 regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	608024a3a186 drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	6fd2efed5bbb misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	0419fe5b7fed media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	be8ba526f886 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d73c419cc5c5 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	9cc334c336c8 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	b509b1c0ece2 video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	fd2179349526 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f460e08e1c5e x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	506e0ced8dc3 rapidio: fix a NULL pointer dereference when create_workqueue() fails
	b764a801663a spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	d647661f8537 brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	088c9aa3ce6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	2fd9d6a0fd69 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	2f3201b23b69 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	f934bf3f5776 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	4d8fc7d8d7ed libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	93cc83319f9a libnvdimm/namespace: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	b491c6f370ea leds: pca9532: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3d1c9bc1416 scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	aba0a087a000 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	ec1fdc02cc25 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3e47ff19026 ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	110ee901b3e1 serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	fe186fdd1a45 tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f61b68e1c774 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	38ad9f0362b2 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	f98bcfadc81a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	683f5f8b3862 HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	69a1580320bf gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	63e311153b66 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	0138dfb7b332 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	3d963c98d796 ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	154b7716f9aa net: netxen: fix a missing check and an uninitialized use
	6c446ad3622a dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	b18de4e8bdc5 scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	f57ef24f811c net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	063cc21634ce net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	5a644f682267 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	f698b28afc34 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_google_marlin/lineage-17.1
	73929a01c56 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	33951e5f888 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	5bc9daa97d9 mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	aff0981b2ab gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	3896d308f19 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	8aaf06edb20 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	fd0fbac2f92 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	242384b37bf net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	3e8de24dea4 net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	120f719ade0 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	c9912b7d9ee isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_google_msm-4.9/lineage-17.1
	c39118738793 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	10a0e00c095f tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	57b2d68786a8 atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	712545ec9e81 net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	e914a7747a53 regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	608024a3a186 drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	6fd2efed5bbb misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	0419fe5b7fed media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	be8ba526f886 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d73c419cc5c5 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	9cc334c336c8 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	b509b1c0ece2 video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	fd2179349526 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f460e08e1c5e x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	506e0ced8dc3 rapidio: fix a NULL pointer dereference when create_workqueue() fails
	b764a801663a spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	d647661f8537 brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	088c9aa3ce6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	2fd9d6a0fd69 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	2f3201b23b69 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	f934bf3f5776 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	4d8fc7d8d7ed libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	93cc83319f9a libnvdimm/namespace: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	b491c6f370ea leds: pca9532: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3d1c9bc1416 scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	aba0a087a000 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	ec1fdc02cc25 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3e47ff19026 ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	110ee901b3e1 serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	fe186fdd1a45 tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f61b68e1c774 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	38ad9f0362b2 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	f98bcfadc81a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	683f5f8b3862 HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	69a1580320bf gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	63e311153b66 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	0138dfb7b332 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	3d963c98d796 ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	154b7716f9aa net: netxen: fix a missing check and an uninitialized use
	6c446ad3622a dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	b18de4e8bdc5 scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	f57ef24f811c net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	063cc21634ce net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	5a644f682267 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	f698b28afc34 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_motorola_msm8996/lineage-17.1
	120f719ade09 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	c9912b7d9eed isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_oneplus_msm8996/lineage-17.1
	120f719ade09 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	c9912b7d9eed isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_oneplus_sdm845/lineage-17.1
	cd678077be57 bonding: Fix reference count leak in bond_sysfs_slave_add.
	0dee5beb6c80 qlcnic: fix missing release in qlcnic_83xx_interrupt_test.
	44ac6becd5c6 iommu: Fix reference count leak in iommu_group_alloc.
	2256bf0ea08f net/mlx4_core: fix a memory leak bug.
	6a6237db0708 net: sun: fix missing release regions in cas_init_one().
	5704974eb300 orinoco: avoid assertion in case of NULL pointer
	5ea250ec2912 net: sh_eth: fix a missing check of of_get_phy_mode
	c39118738793 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	10a0e00c095f tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	57b2d68786a8 atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	712545ec9e81 net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	e914a7747a53 regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	608024a3a186 drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	6fd2efed5bbb misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	0419fe5b7fed media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	be8ba526f886 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d73c419cc5c5 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	9cc334c336c8 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	b509b1c0ece2 video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	fd2179349526 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f460e08e1c5e x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	506e0ced8dc3 rapidio: fix a NULL pointer dereference when create_workqueue() fails
	b764a801663a spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	d647661f8537 brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	088c9aa3ce6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	2fd9d6a0fd69 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	2f3201b23b69 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	f934bf3f5776 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	4d8fc7d8d7ed libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	93cc83319f9a libnvdimm/namespace: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	b491c6f370ea leds: pca9532: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3d1c9bc1416 scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	aba0a087a000 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	ec1fdc02cc25 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3e47ff19026 ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	110ee901b3e1 serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	fe186fdd1a45 tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f61b68e1c774 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	38ad9f0362b2 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	f98bcfadc81a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	683f5f8b3862 HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	69a1580320bf gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	63e311153b66 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	0138dfb7b332 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	3d963c98d796 ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	154b7716f9aa net: netxen: fix a missing check and an uninitialized use
	6c446ad3622a dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	b18de4e8bdc5 scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	f57ef24f811c net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	063cc21634ce net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	5a644f682267 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	f698b28afc34 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_oneplus_sm7250/lineage-17.1
	6fb470ace862 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	47d281bbbff9 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	e06d7a92796c video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	1f2611af4581 video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	dd54e70c47de PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	aeb743dbe936 x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	2a89e4c5ee2e rapidio: fix a NULL pointer dereference when create_workqueue() fails
	bdc095631d50 spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	aeea87865aa7 scsi: ufs: fix a missing check of devm_reset_control_get
	ab934f0ac158 media: si2165: fix a missing check of return value
	495e34e62c3b thunderbolt: property: Fix a NULL pointer dereference
	988dab7f5778 thunderbolt: Fix to check for kmemdup failure
	877a202f9b27 thunderbolt: Fix to check return value of ida_simple_get
	ee40c8a3efc2 thunderbolt: Fix to check the return value of kmemdup
	c8eecd658220 thunderbolt: property: Fix a missing check of kzalloc
	6b5693f20dd8 media: video-mux: fix null pointer dereferences
	7c9d97f3b11d brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	7be8d4251bf7 rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	dd106d198dee iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	31de7f1d07b5 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	eacec4367998 rsi: Fix NULL pointer dereference in kmalloc
	67d812fbe303 slimbus: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference in of_qcom_slim_ngd_register
	36ae546a0046 net: ieee802154: fix missing checks for regmap_update_bits
	30dda277333e ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	af5b7a150ef8 libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	e94f852e2034 libnvdimm/namespace: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	2663959af22c leds: pca9532: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	0018c21f34d6 usb: usb251xb: fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	4135e588274e scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	c87a5086d354 gpio: aspeed: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f85682bc594a staging: rtlwifi: Fix potential NULL pointer dereference of kzalloc
	5a5f1decd6fc staging: rtlwifi: rtl8822b: fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	d55bfd0746ae staging: rtl8188eu: Fix potential NULL pointer dereference of kcalloc
	e634fc48661f netfilter: ip6t_srh: fix NULL pointer dereferences
	fc055dffa575 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	f722b7789afa net: ieee802154: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	16dab2916615 x86/hyperv: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	30d9b740e201 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	17829309ec00 ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	eab86503fec0 net: mlx5: Add a missing check on idr_find, free buf
	b26f7e86d3cc gpio: exar: add a check for the return value of ida_simple_get fails
	b1e660c6f802 serial: mvebu-uart: Fix to avoid a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f34ec64b3f6c serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	b9bbd1edddf7 tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	124e42064c0d tty: mxs-auart: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	cc3b79d487e8 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	0761f58c62d7 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	7fc59021c1f5 mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	d921bb16259e HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	711b2e7fc02f gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	4d6b5b08f19f niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	8dcf84789e31 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	d6847f539bd6 ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	2fb13e2004e8 net: netxen: fix a missing check and an uninitialized use
	0fa6bead41ba crypto: cavium/nitrox - fix a DMA pool free failure
	b42128078cfc dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	51b6d8b00dff scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	b6168562c8ce net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	2bb3207dbbd4 ethtool: fix a missing-check bug
	0781168e23a2 yam: fix a missing-check bug
	2c05d88818ab net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	f16b613ca8b3 crypto: chtls - fix a missing-check bug
	6009d1fe6ba3 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
	8e03477cb709 i2c: core: smbus: fix a potential missing-check bug
	bd23a7269834 virt: vbox: Only copy_from_user the request-header once
	9899e4d3523f scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	dc487321b1e6 staging: lustre: llite: fix potential missing-check bug when copying lumv
	d656fe49e33d ethtool: fix a potential missing-check bug
android_kernel_oneplus_sm8150/lineage-17.1
	464f7643bbcf leds: pca9532: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	085df4a0edb5 usb: usb251xb: fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	5d429f762470 scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	ecb44816ba35 gpio: aspeed: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d1e7cfba1e89 staging: rtlwifi: Fix potential NULL pointer dereference of kzalloc
	726d8583abf4 staging: rtlwifi: rtl8822b: fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	6849e040a935 staging: rtl8188eu: Fix potential NULL pointer dereference of kcalloc
	74a9e727ea1b qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	c65812de9015 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	7d831a051298 ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	e708e5db2508 gpio: exar: add a check for the return value of ida_simple_get fails
	0d42abfacfce serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	4f49089456e7 tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d287b65e265d md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	caa27a81df46 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	1f1408d9088c mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	0c15d464c848 HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	e5727e4feb22 gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	ba87bdade136 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	58ddc0c67d11 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	27657a6aee59 ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	29b7def0ffb1 net: netxen: fix a missing check and an uninitialized use
	cf3168c56419 crypto: cavium/nitrox - fix a DMA pool free failure
	a0a4629065e4 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	4877db2eab42 scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	7d58456872c4 net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	d0539c56391d yam: fix a missing-check bug
	ec4e9618d1fd net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	ca588ff3e7d6 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	ebe79f9cf44f isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_yandex_sdm660/lineage-17.1
	5ca4fc0125b8 misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	cc1c305ccaab media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	ed8b1a1b8a82 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	3b4652ba9d78 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	c869210e0ac6 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	5c7fbc5f6a7d video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	bea8fa863ce9 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	c7155e51cf85 x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	c927451887c1 spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	951fbf92381a brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	1d3ee4d7fc6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	e98ef6767e41 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	50d25ca802f5 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	2d8956305ae8 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	905b8964c9d9 libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	783552a9865c scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d311479911c7 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	c2dc2fdc0cd1 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	574469ec6dcf ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	7124c71944ee serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	13f6808ec2bb tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	128f60fe3bb0 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	65aac32fee80 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	d8189ee86c3a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	3f516da858df HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	4c549499c4c9 gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	1f8aea084cb3 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	259c502d0a0f hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	d9084840d00a ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	4cc537f4a947 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	be1851b9a22c scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	98528072a2a9 net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	6596d0ab8c60 net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	2c29ed33045b scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	4c5ea1ddf3f4 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_zuk_msm8996/lineage-17.1
	5ca4fc0125b8 misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	cc1c305ccaab media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	ed8b1a1b8a82 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	3b4652ba9d78 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	c869210e0ac6 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	5c7fbc5f6a7d video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	bea8fa863ce9 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	c7155e51cf85 x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	c927451887c1 spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	951fbf92381a brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	1d3ee4d7fc6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	e98ef6767e41 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	50d25ca802f5 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	2d8956305ae8 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	905b8964c9d9 libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	783552a9865c scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d311479911c7 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	c2dc2fdc0cd1 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	574469ec6dcf ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	7124c71944ee serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	13f6808ec2bb tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	128f60fe3bb0 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	65aac32fee80 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	d8189ee86c3a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	3f516da858df HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	4c549499c4c9 gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	1f8aea084cb3 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	259c502d0a0f hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	d9084840d00a ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	4cc537f4a947 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	be1851b9a22c scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	98528072a2a9 net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	6596d0ab8c60 net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	2c29ed33045b scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	4c5ea1ddf3f4 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_essential_msm8998/lineage-18.1
	144e4b3bc1a2 media: exynos4-is: Fix a reference count leak
	f3a485299517 media: exynos4-is: Fix a reference count leak due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	2306e29e8813 media: exynos4-is: Fix several reference count leaks due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	0d35b8ae3006 media: ti-vpe: Fix a missing check and reference count leak
	526af772abc1 gma/gma500: fix a memory disclosure bug due to uninitialized bytes
	28bec409535e drm/nouveau: Fix reference count leak in nouveau_connector_detect
	7592eb3b6cf8 drm/nouveau/drm/noveau: fix reference count leak in nouveau_fbcon_open
	d22aec437d77 PCI: Fix pci_create_slot() reference count leak
	ed36291b5c42 ASoC: tegra: Fix reference count leaks.
	ecef1cac3030 agp/intel: Fix a memory leak on module initialisation failure
	0739a93a0a9b drm/nouveau: fix multiple instances of reference count leaks
	8da5b2305f62 efi/esrt: Fix reference count leak in esre_create_sysfs_entry.
	d9aa44efed5e scsi: iscsi: Fix reference count leak in iscsi_boot_create_kobj
	4e26dd5e3f67 usb: gadget: fix potential double-free in m66592_probe.
	f79e5b53115c cpuidle: Fix three reference count leaks
	83df491ec01b ACPI: sysfs: Fix reference count leak in acpi_sysfs_add_hotplug_profile()
	5d4310e40f74 bonding: Fix reference count leak in bond_sysfs_slave_add.
	1063d4e066a3 qlcnic: fix missing release in qlcnic_83xx_interrupt_test.
	2996897d8b9b iommu: Fix reference count leak in iommu_group_alloc.
	94926fb0d2fc net/mlx4_core: fix a memory leak bug.
	98770df2087a net: sun: fix missing release regions in cas_init_one().
	baa94fa90892 orinoco: avoid assertion in case of NULL pointer
	c4552b2ee545 net: sh_eth: fix a missing check of of_get_phy_mode
	4cd8874e3348 net: sh_eth: fix a missing check of of_get_phy_mode
	aa14f95f40e3 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	8a0bb8218899 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	c5369577d341 tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	aef2c279717d atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	49fa09302b2e net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	7f14b5255cbe regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	cf07b61aa838 drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	84ae6096e925 tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	0c97734b244a atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	b801a2820eda net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	0df349316d14 regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	f1f6e74a6ddf drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	2dffbfa40b4d misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	5ca4fc0125b8 misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	b65b75da6990 media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	cc1c305ccaab media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	400b761f1ea8 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	ed8b1a1b8a82 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	e86cba9a48ae PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	ba80d9632aa2 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	502d77dd5496 video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	88dc9ba84ef3 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	6de5f6eeb0ff x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	3b4652ba9d78 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	c869210e0ac6 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	5c7fbc5f6a7d video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	bea8fa863ce9 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	c7155e51cf85 x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	0dfa6b9b4b99 spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	f63b3019b443 brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	64c472d61268 rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	fde3411ce667 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	f9f747bc497c net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	3ff1f0839472 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	c927451887c1 spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	951fbf92381a brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	1d3ee4d7fc6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	e98ef6767e41 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	50d25ca802f5 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	2d8956305ae8 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	a63b5fcfad25 libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	7a6bb61e0c7d scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	0cfbb5e2e581 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	905b8964c9d9 libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	783552a9865c scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d311479911c7 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	d121c30079be x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	45c95f33c794 ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	c2dc2fdc0cd1 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	574469ec6dcf ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	0e42aecc174d serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	31154810d384 tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	7124c71944ee serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	13f6808ec2bb tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	93ea080ba272 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	b932589f7d16 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	4095d84dc789 mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	128f60fe3bb0 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	65aac32fee80 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	d8189ee86c3a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	13073e10f010 HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	16ed79745015 gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	38dad7f33fa0 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	4949a3fa76e2 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	3f516da858df HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	4c549499c4c9 gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	1f8aea084cb3 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	259c502d0a0f hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	f0cd400d6be1 ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	d9084840d00a ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	fe9d61ec3093 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	7a613049102a scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	4cc537f4a947 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	be1851b9a22c scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	a14f05de526e net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	143b4f51241f net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	98528072a2a9 net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	6596d0ab8c60 net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	b6200ce393bd scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	2c29ed33045b scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	4a6cbe34eb33 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
	4c5ea1ddf3f4 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_fxtec_msm8998/lineage-18.1
	144e4b3bc1a2 media: exynos4-is: Fix a reference count leak
	f3a485299517 media: exynos4-is: Fix a reference count leak due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	2306e29e8813 media: exynos4-is: Fix several reference count leaks due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	0d35b8ae3006 media: ti-vpe: Fix a missing check and reference count leak
	526af772abc1 gma/gma500: fix a memory disclosure bug due to uninitialized bytes
	28bec409535e drm/nouveau: Fix reference count leak in nouveau_connector_detect
	7592eb3b6cf8 drm/nouveau/drm/noveau: fix reference count leak in nouveau_fbcon_open
	d22aec437d77 PCI: Fix pci_create_slot() reference count leak
	ed36291b5c42 ASoC: tegra: Fix reference count leaks.
	ecef1cac3030 agp/intel: Fix a memory leak on module initialisation failure
	0739a93a0a9b drm/nouveau: fix multiple instances of reference count leaks
	8da5b2305f62 efi/esrt: Fix reference count leak in esre_create_sysfs_entry.
	d9aa44efed5e scsi: iscsi: Fix reference count leak in iscsi_boot_create_kobj
	4e26dd5e3f67 usb: gadget: fix potential double-free in m66592_probe.
	f79e5b53115c cpuidle: Fix three reference count leaks
	83df491ec01b ACPI: sysfs: Fix reference count leak in acpi_sysfs_add_hotplug_profile()
	5d4310e40f74 bonding: Fix reference count leak in bond_sysfs_slave_add.
	1063d4e066a3 qlcnic: fix missing release in qlcnic_83xx_interrupt_test.
	2996897d8b9b iommu: Fix reference count leak in iommu_group_alloc.
	94926fb0d2fc net/mlx4_core: fix a memory leak bug.
	98770df2087a net: sun: fix missing release regions in cas_init_one().
	baa94fa90892 orinoco: avoid assertion in case of NULL pointer
	4cd8874e3348 net: sh_eth: fix a missing check of of_get_phy_mode
	8a0bb8218899 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	84ae6096e925 tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	0c97734b244a atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	b801a2820eda net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	0df349316d14 regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	f1f6e74a6ddf drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	5ca4fc0125b8 misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	cc1c305ccaab media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	ed8b1a1b8a82 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	3b4652ba9d78 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	c869210e0ac6 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	5c7fbc5f6a7d video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	bea8fa863ce9 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	c7155e51cf85 x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	c927451887c1 spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	951fbf92381a brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	1d3ee4d7fc6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	e98ef6767e41 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	50d25ca802f5 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	2d8956305ae8 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	905b8964c9d9 libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	783552a9865c scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d311479911c7 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	c2dc2fdc0cd1 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	574469ec6dcf ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	7124c71944ee serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	13f6808ec2bb tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	128f60fe3bb0 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	65aac32fee80 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	d8189ee86c3a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	3f516da858df HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	4c549499c4c9 gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	1f8aea084cb3 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	259c502d0a0f hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	d9084840d00a ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	4cc537f4a947 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	be1851b9a22c scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	98528072a2a9 net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	6596d0ab8c60 net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	2c29ed33045b scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	4c5ea1ddf3f4 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_google_coral/lineage-18.1
	774c302c225a drm/nouveau: Fix reference count leak in nouveau_connector_detect
	bcd0b71b6e82 drm/nouveau/drm/noveau: fix reference count leak in nouveau_fbcon_open
	d3d12858d45c PCI: Fix pci_create_slot() reference count leak
	f8e0dad8be89 omapfb: fix multiple reference count leaks due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	63d5985db888 ASoC: tegra: Fix reference count leaks.
	b3ad6a3db008 agp/intel: Fix a memory leak on module initialisation failure
	42479de3daea drm/nouveau: fix multiple instances of reference count leaks
	5ef8e112ddac ASoC: rockchip: Fix a reference count leak.
	cebee7673e1f efi/esrt: Fix reference count leak in esre_create_sysfs_entry.
	69d6961c74b2 rocker: fix incorrect error handling in dma_rings_init
	0bda10eb793c scsi: iscsi: Fix reference count leak in iscsi_boot_create_kobj
	fcc43e966134 vfio/mdev: Fix reference count leak in add_mdev_supported_type
	264175bd9437 usb: gadget: fix potential double-free in m66592_probe.
	b98c3badfade cpuidle: Fix three reference count leaks
	bcb6e3ca64d2 ACPI: CPPC: Fix reference count leak in acpi_cppc_processor_probe()
	8641abcf0963 ACPI: sysfs: Fix reference count leak in acpi_sysfs_add_hotplug_profile()
	80228f4c308e bonding: Fix reference count leak in bond_sysfs_slave_add.
	4ebf0014e820 qlcnic: fix missing release in qlcnic_83xx_interrupt_test.
	0716c40a5b5c iommu: Fix reference count leak in iommu_group_alloc.
	b229bff80f06 RDMA/pvrdma: Fix missing pci disable in pvrdma_pci_probe()
	10b585a37112 net/mlx4_core: fix a memory leak bug.
	207a210c6c66 net: sun: fix missing release regions in cas_init_one().
	4cb6b5c57e78 rxrpc: Fix a memory leak in rxkad_verify_response()
	4a30decabbb4 orinoco: avoid assertion in case of NULL pointer
	2730ea6d5c52 fore200e: Fix incorrect checks of NULL pointer dereference
	9ef50cb11df1 net: sh_eth: fix a missing check of of_get_phy_mode
	3feec8968211 media: rcar_drif: fix a memory disclosure
	4d4d3240a7a9 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	709f50b18052 tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	a4bc476bd09e atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	2f2a742cea6d net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	3092e216b753 net: (cpts) fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	ffe675434989 net/netlink_compat: Fix a missing check of nla_parse_nested
	2a8fb5b9fd37 regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	b63cd67875dd drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	436a4721765a misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	5e63d5649ae3 media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	2697ead73644 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	686283056231 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	179e70d0260f video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	4eb9e877981a video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	dfff8524bda4 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	147ee2cc1044 x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	a36a8879a446 rapidio: fix a NULL pointer dereference when create_workqueue() fails
	febdf321b762 spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	a63a05adafad thunderbolt: Fix to check for kmemdup failure
	9d561c9546f0 media: video-mux: fix null pointer dereferences
	1ea4bb13b281 brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	4a63186e40e4 rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	e76528d98e27 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	325e207324bc net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	bbad2d84bd88 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	32423424a8cf libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	3a786906c88a libnvdimm/namespace: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	464f7643bbcf leds: pca9532: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	085df4a0edb5 usb: usb251xb: fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	5d429f762470 scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	ecb44816ba35 gpio: aspeed: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d1e7cfba1e89 staging: rtlwifi: Fix potential NULL pointer dereference of kzalloc
	726d8583abf4 staging: rtlwifi: rtl8822b: fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	6849e040a935 staging: rtl8188eu: Fix potential NULL pointer dereference of kcalloc
	74a9e727ea1b qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	c65812de9015 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	7d831a051298 ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	e708e5db2508 gpio: exar: add a check for the return value of ida_simple_get fails
	0d42abfacfce serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	4f49089456e7 tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d287b65e265d md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	caa27a81df46 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	1f1408d9088c mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	0c15d464c848 HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	e5727e4feb22 gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	ba87bdade136 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	58ddc0c67d11 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	27657a6aee59 ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	29b7def0ffb1 net: netxen: fix a missing check and an uninitialized use
	cf3168c56419 crypto: cavium/nitrox - fix a DMA pool free failure
	a0a4629065e4 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	4877db2eab42 scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	7d58456872c4 net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	d0539c56391d yam: fix a missing-check bug
	ec4e9618d1fd net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	ca588ff3e7d6 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	ebe79f9cf44f isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_google_msm-4.9/lineage-18.1
	2eac5a4ca124 drm/nouveau: Fix reference count leak in nouveau_connector_detect
	f4605dc3581f drm/nouveau/drm/noveau: fix reference count leak in nouveau_fbcon_open
	e840d01d940e PCI: Fix pci_create_slot() reference count leak
	bb3a2d575e1d omapfb: fix multiple reference count leaks due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	ed7edd4264c3 ASoC: tegra: Fix reference count leaks.
	7d755eab2bcf agp/intel: Fix a memory leak on module initialisation failure
	a6ea07556d0b drm/nouveau: fix multiple instances of reference count leaks
	83fc0cb8db7a efi/esrt: Fix reference count leak in esre_create_sysfs_entry.
	31dc204489e3 rocker: fix incorrect error handling in dma_rings_init
	fbffea5caf01 scsi: iscsi: Fix reference count leak in iscsi_boot_create_kobj
	03eeb914f9ef usb: gadget: fix potential double-free in m66592_probe.
	42b548b9e924 cpuidle: Fix three reference count leaks
	17cac70bdf31 ACPI: CPPC: Fix reference count leak in acpi_cppc_processor_probe()
	bdce49334443 ACPI: sysfs: Fix reference count leak in acpi_sysfs_add_hotplug_profile()
	cd678077be57 bonding: Fix reference count leak in bond_sysfs_slave_add.
	0dee5beb6c80 qlcnic: fix missing release in qlcnic_83xx_interrupt_test.
	44ac6becd5c6 iommu: Fix reference count leak in iommu_group_alloc.
	2256bf0ea08f net/mlx4_core: fix a memory leak bug.
	6a6237db0708 net: sun: fix missing release regions in cas_init_one().
	5704974eb300 orinoco: avoid assertion in case of NULL pointer
	5ea250ec2912 net: sh_eth: fix a missing check of of_get_phy_mode
	c39118738793 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	10a0e00c095f tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	57b2d68786a8 atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	712545ec9e81 net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	e914a7747a53 regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	608024a3a186 drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	6fd2efed5bbb misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	0419fe5b7fed media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	be8ba526f886 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d73c419cc5c5 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	9cc334c336c8 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	b509b1c0ece2 video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	fd2179349526 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f460e08e1c5e x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	506e0ced8dc3 rapidio: fix a NULL pointer dereference when create_workqueue() fails
	b764a801663a spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	d647661f8537 brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	088c9aa3ce6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	2fd9d6a0fd69 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	2f3201b23b69 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	f934bf3f5776 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	4d8fc7d8d7ed libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	93cc83319f9a libnvdimm/namespace: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	b491c6f370ea leds: pca9532: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3d1c9bc1416 scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	aba0a087a000 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	ec1fdc02cc25 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3e47ff19026 ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	110ee901b3e1 serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	fe186fdd1a45 tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f61b68e1c774 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	38ad9f0362b2 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	f98bcfadc81a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	683f5f8b3862 HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	69a1580320bf gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	63e311153b66 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	0138dfb7b332 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	3d963c98d796 ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	154b7716f9aa net: netxen: fix a missing check and an uninitialized use
	6c446ad3622a dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	b18de4e8bdc5 scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	f57ef24f811c net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	063cc21634ce net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	5a644f682267 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	f698b28afc34 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_google_wahoo/lineage-18.1
	baa94fa90892 orinoco: avoid assertion in case of NULL pointer
	4cd8874e3348 net: sh_eth: fix a missing check of of_get_phy_mode
	8a0bb8218899 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	84ae6096e925 tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	0c97734b244a atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	b801a2820eda net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	0df349316d14 regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	f1f6e74a6ddf drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	5ca4fc0125b8 misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	cc1c305ccaab media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	ed8b1a1b8a82 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	3b4652ba9d78 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	c869210e0ac6 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	5c7fbc5f6a7d video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	bea8fa863ce9 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	c7155e51cf85 x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	c927451887c1 spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	951fbf92381a brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	1d3ee4d7fc6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	e98ef6767e41 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	50d25ca802f5 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	2d8956305ae8 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	905b8964c9d9 libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	783552a9865c scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d311479911c7 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	c2dc2fdc0cd1 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	574469ec6dcf ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	7124c71944ee serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	13f6808ec2bb tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	128f60fe3bb0 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	65aac32fee80 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	d8189ee86c3a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	3f516da858df HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	4c549499c4c9 gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	1f8aea084cb3 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	259c502d0a0f hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	d9084840d00a ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	4cc537f4a947 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	be1851b9a22c scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	98528072a2a9 net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	6596d0ab8c60 net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	2c29ed33045b scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	4c5ea1ddf3f4 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_lge_msm8996/lineage-18.1
	c9912b7d9ee isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_moto_shamu/lineage-18.1
	b458bba2e04 iommu: Fix reference count leak in iommu_group_alloc.
	c9c03da2d07 cpuidle: Fix three reference count leaks
android_kernel_oneplus_msm8996/lineage-18.1
	120f719ade09 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	c9912b7d9eed isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_oneplus_msm8998/lineage-18.1
	144e4b3bc1a2 media: exynos4-is: Fix a reference count leak
	f3a485299517 media: exynos4-is: Fix a reference count leak due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	2306e29e8813 media: exynos4-is: Fix several reference count leaks due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	0d35b8ae3006 media: ti-vpe: Fix a missing check and reference count leak
	526af772abc1 gma/gma500: fix a memory disclosure bug due to uninitialized bytes
	28bec409535e drm/nouveau: Fix reference count leak in nouveau_connector_detect
	7592eb3b6cf8 drm/nouveau/drm/noveau: fix reference count leak in nouveau_fbcon_open
	d22aec437d77 PCI: Fix pci_create_slot() reference count leak
	ed36291b5c42 ASoC: tegra: Fix reference count leaks.
	ecef1cac3030 agp/intel: Fix a memory leak on module initialisation failure
	0739a93a0a9b drm/nouveau: fix multiple instances of reference count leaks
	8da5b2305f62 efi/esrt: Fix reference count leak in esre_create_sysfs_entry.
	d9aa44efed5e scsi: iscsi: Fix reference count leak in iscsi_boot_create_kobj
	4e26dd5e3f67 usb: gadget: fix potential double-free in m66592_probe.
	f79e5b53115c cpuidle: Fix three reference count leaks
	83df491ec01b ACPI: sysfs: Fix reference count leak in acpi_sysfs_add_hotplug_profile()
	5d4310e40f74 bonding: Fix reference count leak in bond_sysfs_slave_add.
	1063d4e066a3 qlcnic: fix missing release in qlcnic_83xx_interrupt_test.
	2996897d8b9b iommu: Fix reference count leak in iommu_group_alloc.
	94926fb0d2fc net/mlx4_core: fix a memory leak bug.
	98770df2087a net: sun: fix missing release regions in cas_init_one().
	baa94fa90892 orinoco: avoid assertion in case of NULL pointer
	4cd8874e3348 net: sh_eth: fix a missing check of of_get_phy_mode
	8a0bb8218899 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	84ae6096e925 tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	0c97734b244a atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	b801a2820eda net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	0df349316d14 regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	f1f6e74a6ddf drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	5ca4fc0125b8 misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	cc1c305ccaab media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	ed8b1a1b8a82 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	3b4652ba9d78 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	c869210e0ac6 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	5c7fbc5f6a7d video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	bea8fa863ce9 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	c7155e51cf85 x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	c927451887c1 spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	951fbf92381a brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	1d3ee4d7fc6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	e98ef6767e41 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	50d25ca802f5 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	2d8956305ae8 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	905b8964c9d9 libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	783552a9865c scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d311479911c7 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	c2dc2fdc0cd1 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	574469ec6dcf ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	7124c71944ee serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	13f6808ec2bb tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	128f60fe3bb0 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	65aac32fee80 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	d8189ee86c3a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	3f516da858df HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	4c549499c4c9 gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	1f8aea084cb3 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	259c502d0a0f hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	d9084840d00a ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	4cc537f4a947 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	be1851b9a22c scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	98528072a2a9 net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	6596d0ab8c60 net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	2c29ed33045b scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	4c5ea1ddf3f4 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_razer_msm8998/lineage-18.1
	144e4b3bc1a2 media: exynos4-is: Fix a reference count leak
	f3a485299517 media: exynos4-is: Fix a reference count leak due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	2306e29e8813 media: exynos4-is: Fix several reference count leaks due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	0d35b8ae3006 media: ti-vpe: Fix a missing check and reference count leak
	526af772abc1 gma/gma500: fix a memory disclosure bug due to uninitialized bytes
	28bec409535e drm/nouveau: Fix reference count leak in nouveau_connector_detect
	7592eb3b6cf8 drm/nouveau/drm/noveau: fix reference count leak in nouveau_fbcon_open
	d22aec437d77 PCI: Fix pci_create_slot() reference count leak
	ed36291b5c42 ASoC: tegra: Fix reference count leaks.
	ecef1cac3030 agp/intel: Fix a memory leak on module initialisation failure
	0739a93a0a9b drm/nouveau: fix multiple instances of reference count leaks
	8da5b2305f62 efi/esrt: Fix reference count leak in esre_create_sysfs_entry.
	d9aa44efed5e scsi: iscsi: Fix reference count leak in iscsi_boot_create_kobj
	4e26dd5e3f67 usb: gadget: fix potential double-free in m66592_probe.
	f79e5b53115c cpuidle: Fix three reference count leaks
	83df491ec01b ACPI: sysfs: Fix reference count leak in acpi_sysfs_add_hotplug_profile()
	5d4310e40f74 bonding: Fix reference count leak in bond_sysfs_slave_add.
	1063d4e066a3 qlcnic: fix missing release in qlcnic_83xx_interrupt_test.
	2996897d8b9b iommu: Fix reference count leak in iommu_group_alloc.
	94926fb0d2fc net/mlx4_core: fix a memory leak bug.
	98770df2087a net: sun: fix missing release regions in cas_init_one().
	baa94fa90892 orinoco: avoid assertion in case of NULL pointer
	4cd8874e3348 net: sh_eth: fix a missing check of of_get_phy_mode
	8a0bb8218899 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	84ae6096e925 tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	0c97734b244a atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	b801a2820eda net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	0df349316d14 regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	f1f6e74a6ddf drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	5ca4fc0125b8 misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	cc1c305ccaab media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	ed8b1a1b8a82 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	3b4652ba9d78 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	c869210e0ac6 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	5c7fbc5f6a7d video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	bea8fa863ce9 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	c7155e51cf85 x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	c927451887c1 spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	951fbf92381a brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	1d3ee4d7fc6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	e98ef6767e41 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	50d25ca802f5 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	2d8956305ae8 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	905b8964c9d9 libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	783552a9865c scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d311479911c7 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	c2dc2fdc0cd1 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	574469ec6dcf ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	7124c71944ee serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	13f6808ec2bb tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	128f60fe3bb0 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	65aac32fee80 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	d8189ee86c3a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	3f516da858df HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	4c549499c4c9 gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	1f8aea084cb3 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	259c502d0a0f hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	d9084840d00a ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	4cc537f4a947 dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	be1851b9a22c scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	98528072a2a9 net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	6596d0ab8c60 net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	2c29ed33045b scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	4c5ea1ddf3f4 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/lineage-18.1
	5dde90751d40 media: exynos4-is: Fix a reference count leak
	6e8429c2946f media: exynos4-is: Fix a reference count leak due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	3450996789e5 media: exynos4-is: Fix several reference count leaks due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	c772cb1c8c15 media: ti-vpe: Fix a missing check and reference count leak
	3af18152d680 media: platform: fcp: Fix a reference count leak.
	88aed7fb5d6d gma/gma500: fix a memory disclosure bug due to uninitialized bytes
	2eac5a4ca124 drm/nouveau: Fix reference count leak in nouveau_connector_detect
	f4605dc3581f drm/nouveau/drm/noveau: fix reference count leak in nouveau_fbcon_open
	e840d01d940e PCI: Fix pci_create_slot() reference count leak
	bb3a2d575e1d omapfb: fix multiple reference count leaks due to pm_runtime_get_sync
	ed7edd4264c3 ASoC: tegra: Fix reference count leaks.
	7d755eab2bcf agp/intel: Fix a memory leak on module initialisation failure
	a6ea07556d0b drm/nouveau: fix multiple instances of reference count leaks
	83fc0cb8db7a efi/esrt: Fix reference count leak in esre_create_sysfs_entry.
	31dc204489e3 rocker: fix incorrect error handling in dma_rings_init
	fbffea5caf01 scsi: iscsi: Fix reference count leak in iscsi_boot_create_kobj
	03eeb914f9ef usb: gadget: fix potential double-free in m66592_probe.
	42b548b9e924 cpuidle: Fix three reference count leaks
	17cac70bdf31 ACPI: CPPC: Fix reference count leak in acpi_cppc_processor_probe()
	bdce49334443 ACPI: sysfs: Fix reference count leak in acpi_sysfs_add_hotplug_profile()
	cd678077be57 bonding: Fix reference count leak in bond_sysfs_slave_add.
	0dee5beb6c80 qlcnic: fix missing release in qlcnic_83xx_interrupt_test.
	44ac6becd5c6 iommu: Fix reference count leak in iommu_group_alloc.
	2256bf0ea08f net/mlx4_core: fix a memory leak bug.
	6a6237db0708 net: sun: fix missing release regions in cas_init_one().
	5704974eb300 orinoco: avoid assertion in case of NULL pointer
	5ea250ec2912 net: sh_eth: fix a missing check of of_get_phy_mode
	c39118738793 drm/gma500: fix memory disclosures due to uninitialized bytes
	10a0e00c095f tipc: fix a missing check of genlmsg_put
	57b2d68786a8 atl1e: checking the status of atl1e_write_phy_reg
	712545ec9e81 net: stmicro: fix a missing check of clk_prepare
	e914a7747a53 regulator: tps65910: fix a missing check of return value
	608024a3a186 drivers/regulator: fix a missing check of return value
	6fd2efed5bbb misc: mic: fix a DMA pool free failure
	0419fe5b7fed media: isif: fix a NULL pointer dereference bug
	be8ba526f886 media: vpss: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	d73c419cc5c5 PCI: xilinx: Check for __get_free_pages() failure
	9cc334c336c8 video: imsttfb: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	b509b1c0ece2 video: hgafb: fix potential NULL pointer dereference
	fd2179349526 PCI: rcar: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f460e08e1c5e x86/PCI: Fix PCI IRQ routing table memory leak
	506e0ced8dc3 rapidio: fix a NULL pointer dereference when create_workqueue() fails
	b764a801663a spi : spi-topcliff-pch: Fix to handle empty DMA buffers
	d647661f8537 brcmfmac: fix missing checks for kmemdup
	088c9aa3ce6a rtlwifi: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	2fd9d6a0fd69 iio: hmc5843: fix potential NULL pointer dereferences
	2f3201b23b69 net: cw1200: fix a NULL pointer dereference
	f934bf3f5776 ALSA: usb-audio: Fix a memory leak bug
	4d8fc7d8d7ed libnvdimm/btt: Fix a kmemdup failure check
	93cc83319f9a libnvdimm/namespace: Fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	b491c6f370ea leds: pca9532: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3d1c9bc1416 scsi: qla4xxx: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	aba0a087a000 qlcnic: Avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	ec1fdc02cc25 x86/hpet: Prevent potential NULL pointer dereference
	a3e47ff19026 ALSA: echoaudio: add a check for ioremap_nocache
	110ee901b3e1 serial: max310x: Fix to avoid potential NULL pointer dereference
	fe186fdd1a45 tty: atmel_serial: fix a potential NULL pointer dereference
	f61b68e1c774 md: Fix failed allocation of md_register_thread
	38ad9f0362b2 leds: lp5523: fix a missing check of return value of lp55xx_read
	f98bcfadc81a mfd: mc13xxx: Fix a missing check of a register-read failure
	683f5f8b3862 HID: lenovo: Add checks to fix of_led_classdev_register
	69a1580320bf gdrom: fix a memory leak bug
	63e311153b66 niu: fix missing checks of niu_pci_eeprom_read
BAD	0138dfb7b332 hwmon: (lm80) fix a missing check of the status of SMBus read
	3d963c98d796 ASoC: atom: fix a missing check of snd_pcm_lib_malloc_pages
	154b7716f9aa net: netxen: fix a missing check and an uninitialized use
	6c446ad3622a dm ioctl: harden copy_params()'s copy_from_user() from malicious users
	b18de4e8bdc5 scsi: megaraid_sas: fix a missing-check bug
	f57ef24f811c net: socket: fix a missing-check bug
	063cc21634ce net: cxgb3_main: fix a missing-check bug
	5a644f682267 scsi: 3w-xxxx: fix a missing-check bug
	f698b28afc34 isdn: eicon: fix a missing-check bug
